Day 3
  According to the day 1 & 2 I thought I have a good idea in Problem solving and its steps but today Koushik asked like how to solve problems? . 
  I know the answer but I have Struggled to connect with the puzzles that we solved but Koushik explained it once again with the Farmer, Goose,Fox, Boat story that helped me to understanmd the main concept.
  That we should have to read a problem again and again to get a good idea about that. This makes everything easier even I understood this concept by getting teached again today and
  solving the most constrained part is very useful.I tried to relate everything that I learned in problem solving with the sizzled puzzles that makes sense.
  it helped me to figure it that there is a pattern in those puzzles that helps to place the right numbers
  
  Then we should have to list down the operations and constraints which  also more needed to solve problems in effective way .While ago I used to play rubix cube and I was able to solve it 
  but, I dont know there is such constraints and operations that will helps to solve it easier now I can figure it out how its working? .
  Like we should have to solve the most joined colours in the cube like most constrained parts.
  Then I should have to figure out the operations like angles of rotating the cube also  by thinking about this I can connect everything with the patterns that needed to solve the cube.
  I'm looking forward to solve many problem with these problem solving steps that can improve myself because solving many problem is the only way to train ourself in problem solving.
  After that I get to know about Proposition which is a statement which express a opinion which can be true or false not both at the same time
  for example There is a cat outside the house - it can be either true/false not facts or openion comes under proposition . After this Koushik said it will be continued in next session .
  I'm eager to learn such new things where it can be very useful for me like the problem solving techniques.

  After this the class goes little technical like learning about Command Line Interface
  Command- These are the instructions that helps to control the machine
  line-Nothing just a command line
  Interface-Its like a contoller that performs that instruct the machine like Terminal or real time example like keyboard ,remote.
  At the begining I thought why should I have to learn in Cmd prompt instead of using other easy ways and tools then after working on it,
  It felt easier and I can understand how the basics are working in every software which also 
  helps to learn Indepth concepts .It feels like learning in such way is very helpful to understand more difficult part much easier in every phase.
  Then I get to do tasks like create and edit a file using command prompt. In starting I don't know the commands for these and I thought its difficult, 
  but once I started to do this it felt more easier for me and I have learned new  commands which are basics to advance .
  This helps me to understand things and making me more confident in learning new things .
   
  Then I also get to know about Git and Github .Firstly I thought it will help us to drop our projects and things in our portfolio, so the companies can find about us in detail. 
  Then I understood its a platform that helps us to track our achievements and performance effectively and we can use it in any time and anywhere. After this we supposed to create a file through command prompt and edit it then 
  have to store it in Github through git. At the begining it looks like a big process, but before start the steps I think twice what I'm gonna do and how which was like the steps in problem solving .
  This approach helped me to understand the work flow that I gonna do . Also it makes every step easier and finally I created the file and upload in the github using command prompt.
  
  Finally in today's session I have learned many things productively which is more helpful in upcomming sessions and the new commands that I learned are more Interesting.
  Such type of learning is more beneficial for freshers to learn everything from basics. And also creating everything as a report feels like Journalling which helps us to track our performance and
  lot of thinking is needed to create the reports which is helping to improve my thinking capacity. 
  
  
   
